	> What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates a .git folder with all the fancy stuff git needs to do its magic.

	> How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
	What value do you think it offers?

	The staging directory is an interim step between the working directory and the repo.
	It allows the programmer to have a finer degree of control over what gets committed in each change.

	> How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
	change?

	Only add the files related to a specific change into the staging area for the related commit.
	Also, if some config files in the directory are changed and you don't want to include them,
	you don't have to add them to the staging area.

	> What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
	organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful any time there are multiple production-ready versions. This could be a different language or an experimental mode (ie Chrome Canary).

	> How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Helps follow up the branches, shows which commits are unreachable and how the branches keep track of commit history.

	> What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
	the diagram the way we do?

	The two features that were developed separately (adding coins and adding color) can be combined into a game that includes both.
	The diagram shows that they are two separates paths from a common parent. The commit that merges them has two parents, one from each of the branches.

	> What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
	manually?

	Automatic merging takes away a lot of the headache of making sure the diffs are accurate and the right changes are kept.
	However, automatic merges don't deal with conflicts as cleanly as might be the case if you were just doing it manually.
	Git tries to have the best of both worlds by doing automatic merging but resolving conflicts with manual intervention.