  	> When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
  	local?
  
  	When collaborating with other people or as a cloud backup for your files.
  
	> Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	You may have some files in your local working directory that you are currently working on, and 
	don't want your current changes to these files to be overwritten by changes to the remote branch.

	> Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
	use one instead of another?

    Branches allow you to develop complex features independent from the primary master branch.
    In this way, you can commit non-production ready code without breaking anything.
    Branches can be local or shared.
    A clone is a copy of code, usually between different systems or different users.
    A fork is a GitHub-specific term when you want to copy someone else's code for development
    purposes and still link back to their version.

	> What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
	stored locally?

    By having the last known state of the remote stored locally, you can make any needed merges
    locally before pushing back upstream to origin.

	> How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
	and what would be harder?

    I would collaborate documents using Google Docs.
    Collaborating code would be harder - probably use Subversion instead. But since most people use
    Git and it has a better method for branching, sharing code would be harder.

	> When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
	master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    It's a lot less complicated to make changes directly in master, especially when you need feedback from others in the form of pull requests.
    However, when a change is significant, you 1) need that feedback and 2) need to stay updated on what's going on in master. As a result, branching is a necessity.
    Branching allows you to work actively on a change without worrying that you'll miss out on changes or break code in master. 
